Hello everybody my name is Wes Bos
and thank you so much for checking out
advance react and graphql.
I am so excited to build this application with you.
We are going to be learning a whole bunch.
This is a big course,
and it's gonna be fun.
Some parts are gonna be hard.
Some parts are gonna be really easy,
but I think if you stick through
the entire course you're really going to learn a lot.
The first couple of videos
I'm just gonna be getting you set up with
I gotta lot of files that we need to get installed.
We need to talk about what happens,
if you need some help with some of the things.
We're gonna talk about the front end
and the back end, and any common issues you might run into.
Then the second video we're gonna talk
about some of the tech that we are going to be building.
There's a lot of buzzwords going on.
Then we're gonna dive right in
to actually writing some codes.
So first things first,
you need to sign into your dash board at courses.wesbos.com,
and since I don't have this one up yet
I'm just gonna use my other react course as an example,
but this is something you should see right here.
You'll see advance react and graphql,
and allow you to download the videos for offline view.
You can stream it.
You can access the slack channel,
so if you have any questions about what's going on,
or maybe sometimes you wanna team up
with some people that are taking the course
at the exact same time as you,
you jump into the slack channel and chit-chat there.
What's really important here is
the starter files and the FAQ,
so if you click through to the starter files
you're going to see github repo full of files
that is going to allow us to get up and running.
So this advance react course has kinda three folders here.
First we have the finish application.
This is going to have the front end and the back end
of the finished app that we're working with.
In case you ever need to jump to that.
We're going to have stepped solutions,
so for not every single video,
but for a lot of the videos were there's
significant changes I'll have a folder.
Let me show you in the react one right here.
Stepped solutions.
You're going to see that, like video five,
if you wanna like get caught up to exactly how I have it,
at the start of video five.
Then you would grab the code from the 05 folder,
and paste it into and overtop of what you're working on,
and then or you can just like reference kinda like
maybe in this case you're having trouble
at the store picker, you can go in and see the code
that I've written and just pick and choose the pieces
that you want in order to get yourself up and running.
So again these numbers correspond with the start
of every video, not the end of the video,
so if you wanted, lets see right here,
12 and 13, if you wanted the code for the end of video 12,
you would grab the video files for 13.
Also in the read me are common issues that you run into,
so every now and then you get little errors with mpm
or some cintax highlighting stuff.
There's always a couple issues
a bunch of people tend to have,
and I'll definitely update the videos,
if it's something that you run into,
but if it's just a silly little error
or a common error that people are running into
I will always pop those into the read me,
so if you're having trouble,
before you even jump in the slack room,
do a quick scan of the frequently asked questions
in the read me of the advanced react course.
There's nothing there yet
'cause it hasn't been released as a recording list,
but they will all be in here.
Next up the editor.
Any time I do a course I get lots of email about
what is the extensions that you use?
What is the eslint rules that you use?
What is the editor that you use?
So I am using visual studio code
for my editor in this course.
If you have any questions about anything that I'm using,
you can check out wesbos.com/uses
and there should be answers to all of the questions
about what terminal I use.
What extensions that I use.
Again if you go to github.com/wesbos/dotfiles
D O T F I L E S
I do have the eslint rules that
I specifically use in my own,
and if you're curious about some of the nice formatting
stuff that I use, that will be available.
In this advanced react github repo
there is going to be a folder called sick fits,
and this is the starter files
for what we're gonna be working on.
It may seem like there are a lot of files here,
but this is mostly boiler plate
that comes with a lot of the prisma, yoga, apollo starters,
and we will be going through each of the files
that are in here and explaining what's going on here.
So again don't get too, don't sweat it too much,
that there are some starter files in here.
We'll be reviewing what is in all of that,
and any of the significant logic,
any of the layout
any of the server side rendering stuff.
That's all very important.
We're gonna be writing all of that code ourselves,
so what I want you to do is to go ahead
and either clone this locally,
or go ahead and just download a zip file.
I'm gonna go ahead and clone this to my computer,
so git clone,
and again you don't need to know git to do this,
but it's likely that you already do,
and we'll move into that advance react folder,
and then we want to go into the sick fits folder.
Again all of the code that we're writing
in this course will be done inside of the sick fits folder,
and then inside of that you're gonna see
that we have two folders
because this is a full stack course,
and we're gonna be writing both the code
that runs on the back end of this thing,
and the code that runs on the front end of this thing.
I don't know about you,
but I can sometimes get a little bit confused
as to what sorta code I'm writing,
so what I like to do is both.
We're gonna be hosting them separately
and deploying them separately,
so we wanna put them in separate folders,
but I like to have them open in two different editors,
so I know exactly what's going on in each one.
So I'm gonna go into the front end folder first,
and I'm going to open that up in my editor,
and if you're using vs code along with me
you'll notice that I have a vs code folder in here,
and you're gonna see a settings.jason file,
and this is actually setting the color of this top bar
to be yellow, so that means when we're working
on the front end my editor is going to be yellow.
Similarly, if I go back into my back end folder
and open that up, you're gonna see that the back end
is always in pink, so just a nice little way
to differentiate between the back end pink,
the front end yellow,
and I will always have two separate code editors open,
and we'll be able to jump back and forth through them.
If you did notice when you open it up
and you don't see the specific colors,
you do need to turn on one setting in vs code.
If you hit command comma,
I think that's a control camp comma,
or just go up to your regular visual studio code preferences
and search for title.
There's gonna be a setting here that says title bar style.
We wanna set that to custom,
and then it's gonna ask you to restart your application.
It should start to see the color show up,
so again make sure you have that setting
of custom turned on.
I also recommend that you always have two tabs open
in your editor, I'm using hyper term here.
Again, go to wesbos.com/uses for everything
that I'm using in here.
It's not important that you use vs code
or any of these tools.
You can use any text editor that you're comfortable with,
but, however, I know a lot of you are using vs code
and this nice little differentiation that we have here,
so I'm going to keep the back end open in one of my tabs,
and then I'm also going to go into the front end.
Sick fits, front end,
and now we're gonna have a back end tab and front in tab,
and what I want you to do is go ahead and type
npm install into both,
and that's gonna run off and grab all the dependencies.
We're gonna review what all the dependencies are
in coming videos, so don't worry about too much
about what they are just yet.
Just know that we're trying to npm install each of them.
Also stick with the versions that I have posted to github.
I will periodically be updating those versions
to the newest versions, however,
sometimes what happens is a version
of the library will come out,
and they'll have a bit of a breaking change,
and before I can update the video,
if there's a breaking change,
then you're gonna have a bad time in the tutorial.
So stick with the versions that are on github,
and then as there are any updates to the videos,
I will be updating the videos
and noting any changes that have changed
since I have changed the videos.
Other than that, I think we are ready to go.
We've got our folders.
We've got our colors.
We, you can run npm run dev on both of these,
but don't do that just yet
because we have to write a little bit of code
before that's going to work.
So that's it for this video.
In the next video we're gonna be talking about
some of the high level program concepts.
Some of the different packages that we're going to be using.
As well as taking a look
at the actual application that we'll be building.